THERE'S JOEY'S PICTURE.
THIS IS SO EXCITING.
YOU CAN ALWAYS
SPOT SOMEONE
WHO'S NEVER SEEN
ONE OF HIS PLAYS BEFORE.
NO FEAR, NO SENSE
OF IMPENDING DOOM.
THE EXCLAMATION POINT
IN THE TITLE SCARES ME.
IT'S NOT JUST FREUD,
IT'S FREUD!
SHH. THE MAGIC
IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN.
( with German accent ):
WELL, EVA
WE'VE DONE
SOME EXCELLENT WORK HERE
AND I WOULD
HAVE TO SAY
YOUR PROBLEM
IS QUITE CLEAR.
( piano intro playing )
♪ ALL YOU WANT IS A DINKLE ♪
♪ WHAT YOU ENVY'S A SCHWANG ♪
♪ A THING THROUGH WHICH
YOU CAN TINKLE ♪
♪ OR PLAY WITH
OR SIMPLY LET HANG. ♪
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
( cheering )
( moaning )
I FEEL VIOLATED.
WAS I THE ONLY ONE
WHO WANTED TO PEEL
THE SKIN OFF
THEIR BODY
TO HAVE SOMETHING
ELSE TO DO?
ROSS, 10:00.
IS IT? FEELS LIKE 2:00.
NO, 10:00.
WHAT?
THERE'S A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
AT 8:00, 9:00, 10:00.
Ross:
HELLO.
SHE'S AMAZING!
SHE MAKES THE WOMEN
I DREAM ABOUT
LOOK LIKE SHORT, FAT, BALD MEN.
WELL, GO OVER TO HER.
SHE'S NOT WITH ANYONE.
WHAT WOULD MY
OPENING LINE BE?
"EXCUSE ME...
( blubbering )
COME ON, SHE'S A PERSON.
YOU CAN DO IT.
COULD SHE BE MORE
OUT OF MY LEAGUE?
ROSS, BACK
ME UP HERE.
HE COULD NEVER GET
A WOMAN LIKE THAT
IN A MILLION YEARS.
YOU KNOW, YOU ALWAYS SEE
THESE REALLY BEAUTIFUL WOMEN
WITH THESE REALLY NOTHING GUYS.
YOU COULD BE ONE
OF THOSE GUYS.
YOU THINK?
YEAH.
ABSOLUTELY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M
EVEN CONSIDERING THIS.
I'M VERY AWARE
OF MY TONGUE.
COME ON.
HERE GOES.
YES?
HI.
UM... OKAY NEXT WORD
WOULD BE...
UH, CHANDLER...
CHANDLER IS MY NAME.
AND UH... UH... HI.
YES, YOU SAID THAT.
YES, I DID.
BUT WHAT I DIDN'T SAY...
WHAT I WANTED TO SAY WAS
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO GO OUT WITH ME?
THANK YOU. GOOD NIGHT.
CHANDLER...
HEY! I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU COULD DANCE.
WAS IT GOOD?
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU COULD DANCE.
COME ON.
IT WASN'T THAT BAD.
IT WAS BETTER THAN THAT THING
WITH THE TROLLS.
AT LEAST YOU GOT TO SEE MY HEAD.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
SAW YOUR HEAD.
SHE SAID YES!
GREAT!
AWFUL PLAY, MAN.
WHOA!
HER NAME'S AURORA
AND SHE'S ITALIAN
AND SHE PRONOUNCES MY NAME
"CHAND-LER."
I LIKE IT BETTER
THAT WAY.
THE USHER GAVE ME THIS
TO GIVE TO YOU.
"ESTELLE LEONARD TALENT AGENCY."
AN AGENCY LEFT ME ITS CARD.
MAYBE THEY WANT TO SIGN ME.
BASED ON THIS PLAY?
BASED ON THIS PLAY.
HEY, KIDS.
HI, CHANDLER.
THIS LINE IS PASSION.
AND THIS
IS JUST A LINE.
I'VE BEEN HERE SEVEN SECONDS
AND YOU HAVEN'T ASKED
ABOUT MY DATE.
HOW WAS YOUR DATE,
CHAND-LER?
IT WAS UNBELIEVABLE.
I'VE NEVER MET ANYONE LIKE HER.
SHE'S HAD THE MOST AMAZING LIFE.
SHE WAS IN THE ISRAELI ARMY...
LUCKILY, NONE OF THE BULLETS
HIT THE ENGINE BLOCK.
SO, WE MADE IT
TO THE BORDER
BUT JUST BARELY, AND I...
I'VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT
MYSELF ALL NIGHT LONG.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
TELL ME ONE OF YOUR STORIES.
ALL RIGHT, ONCE...
ONCE I GOT
ON THE SUBWAY, RIGHT?
AND IT WAS AT NIGHT
AND I RODE IT
ALL THE WAY TO BROOKLYN
JUST FOR THE HELL OF IT.
WE TALKED TILL 2:00.
IT WAS THIS
PERFECT EVENING...
MORE OR LESS.
ALL OF SUDDEN,
WE REALIZE
WE'RE IN YEMEN.
I'M SORRY. SO WE IS?
WE WOULD BE ME AND RICK.
WHO'S RICK?
MY HUSBAND.
EW!
OH, SO YOU'RE DIVORCED?
NO.
OH, I'M SORRY.
SO YOU'RE WIDOWED...
HOPEFULLY?
NO, I'M STILL MARRIED.
SO, TELL ME,
HOW DO YOU THINK
YOUR HUSBAND WOULD FEEL
ABOUT YOU SITTING HERE WITH ME
SLIDING YOUR FOOT
SO FAR UP MY PANT LEG
YOU CAN COUNT
THE CHANGE
IN MY POCKET?
DON'T WORRY.
I IMAGINE
HE'D BE OKAY WITH YOU
BECAUSE REALLY
HE'S OKAY
WITH ETHAN.
ETHAN?
THERE'S AN ETHAN?
ETHAN IS MY...
BOYFRIEND.
All:
WHAT?!
EXPLAIN SOMETHING TO ME.
WHAT KIND OF RELATIONSHIP
DO YOU IMAGINE US HAVING
IF YOU ALREADY HAVE
A HUSBAND AND A BOYFRIEND?
I SUPPOSE MAINLY SEXUAL.
HUH.
I'M SORRY
IT DIDN'T WORK OUT.
WHAT NOT WORK OUT?
I'M SEEING HER ON THURSDAY.
DIDN'T YOU LISTEN
TO THE STORY?
THIS IS TWISTED.
HOW COULD YOU GET INVOLVED
WITH A WOMAN LIKE THIS?
I HAD TROUBLE WITH
IT AT FIRST TOO
BUT I GET ALL
THE GOOD STUFF.
ALL THE FUN, ALL THE TALKING,
ALL THE SEX
AND NONE OF THE RESPONSIBILITY.
THIS IS EVERY GUY'S FANTASY.
THAT IS NOT TRUE.
ROSS, IS THIS
YOUR FANTASY?
OF COURSE NOT.
YEAH. YEAH, IT IS.
SO YOU DON'T MIND
GOING OUT WITH SOMEONE
WHO'S GOING OUT
WITH SOMEONE ELSE?
I COULDN'T DO IT.
GOOD FOR YOU, JOEY.
I NEED TO KNOW
THAT I'M GOING OUT
WITH MORE PEOPLE THAN SHE IS.
WELL, YOU KNOW
MONOGAMY CAN BE
A TRICKY CONCEPT.
I MEAN, ANTHROPOLOGICALLY
SPEAKING...
( all snoring )
FINE, FINE. NOW
YOU'LL NEVER KNOW.
WE'RE KIDDING.
GO. TELL US.
Joey:
COME ON, ROSS.
ALL RIGHT.
THERE'S A THEORY PUT FORTH
BY RICHARD LEAKEY...
( all snoring )
TA-DA!
ARE WE GREETING EACH OTHER
THIS WAY NOW
BECAUSE I LIKE THAT.
LOOK.
I CLEANED!
I DID THE WINDOWS.
I EVEN USED
ALL THOSE
VACUUM ATTACHMENTS
EXCEPT FOR THAT
LITTLE ROUND ONE
WITH THE BRISTLES.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT'S FOR.
NOBODY KNOWS.
WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO ASK.
WELL, WHAT
DO YOU THINK?
VERY CLEAN.
REALLY, IT LOOKS GREAT.
OH, I SEE YOU MOVED
THE GREEN OTTOMAN.
UH-OH.
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
I DON'T KNOW.
I THOUGHT IT LOOKED
BETTER THERE.
AND ALSO IT'S AN EXTRA SEAT
AROUND THE COFFEE TABLE.
IT'S INTERESTING.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST FOR FUN
LET'S SEE WHAT IT LOOKED LIKE
IN THE OLD SPOT.
JUST TO COMPARE.
LET'S SEE.
WELL, IT LOOKS
GOOD THERE TOO.
LET'S JUST LEAVE IT THERE
FOR A WHILE.
CAN'T BELIEVE YOU TRIED
TO MOVE THE GREEN OTTOMAN.
THANK GOD
YOU DIDN'T TRY
AND FAN OUT THE MAGAZINES.
SHE'LL SCRATCH YOUR EYES
RIGHT OUT.
GUYS, I AM
NOT THAT BAD.
YEAH, YOU
ARE, MONICA.
REMEMBER WHEN I
LIVED WITH YOU?
YOU WERE LIKE A LITTLE...
( imitates music fromPsycho)
THAT IS SO UNFAIR.
OH, COME ON.
WHEN WE WERE KIDS
YOURS WAS THE ONLY
RAGGEDY ANN DOLL
THAT WASN'T RAGGEDY.
OKAY, SO I'M RESPONSIBLE.
I'M ORGANIZED.
BUT, HEY, I CAN BE A KOOK.
ALL RIGHT, YOU MADCAP GAL.
TRY TO IMAGINE THIS.
THE PHONE BILL ARRIVES
BUT YOU DON'T PAY IT
RIGHT AWAY.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE YOU'RE A KOOK.
INSTEAD, YOU WAIT
UNTIL THEY SEND YOU A NOTICE.
I COULD DO THAT.
OKAY, THEN YOU LET ME
GO GROCERY SHOPPING
AND I BUY
LAUNDRY DETERGENT
BUT IT'S NOT THE ONE
WITH THE EASY-POUR SPOUT.
WHY WOULD SOMEONE DO THAT?
ONE MIGHT WONDER.
SOMEONE'S LEFT
A GLASS ON THE COFFEE TABLE.
THERE'S NO COASTER.
IT'S A COLD DRINK,
IT'S A HOT DAY.
BEADS OF CONDENSATION
ARE INCHING
THEIR WAY CLOSER
TO THE SURFACE
OF THE WOOD.
STOP IT!
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S TRUE.
WHO AM I?
MONICA, YOU'RE MOM.
( gasps )
( imitates Psycho music )
UH-HUH.
OH, MY GOD!
OKAY.
OKAY, I'LL BE THERE.
THAT WAS MY AGENT.
MY AGENT
HAS JUST GOTTEN ME A JOB...
IN THE NEW AL PACINO MOVIE!
WHAT?
YOU'RE KIDDING.
THAT'S GREAT!
WHAT'S THE PART?
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?
AL PACINO!
THIS GUY'S THE REASON
I BECAME AN ACTOR.
"I'M OUT OF ORDER?
"YOU'RE OUT OF ORDER.
THIS WHOLE COURTROOM'S
OUT OF ORDER."
SERIOUSLY,
WHAT'S THE PART?
"JUST WHEN I THOUGHT
I WAS OUT
THEY PULL ME
BACK IN."
SERIOUSLY, JOEY,
WHAT'S THE PART?
UH...
( mumbles )
YOU'RE ( mumbles ) WHAT?
I'M HIS BUTT DOUBLE, OKAY?
I PLAY AL PACINO'S BUTT.
HE GOES INTO THE SHOWER
AND THEN I'M HIS BUTT.
OH, MY GOD.
COME ON, YOU GUYS.
THIS IS A REAL MOVIE,
AND AL PACINO'S IN IT
AND THAT'S BIG.
OH, NO, IT'S TERRIFIC.
YOU DESERVE THIS.
AFTER YEARS
OF STRUGGLE
YOU'VE FINALLY CRACKED YOUR WAY
INTO SHOW
BUSINESS.
OKAY, FINE, MAKE JOKES.
I DON'T CARE.
THIS IS A BIG
BREAK FOR ME.
YOU'RE RIGHT, IT IS.
SO, YOU GOING TO INVITE
US ALL TO THE BIG OPENING?
( knocking at door )
YEAH?
HERE. I NEED TO BORROW
SOME MOISTURIZER.
FOR WHAT?
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
TODAY'S THE BIG DAY.
GO INTO THE BATHROOM,
USE WHATEVER YOU WANT.
JUST DON'T EVER TELL ME
WHAT YOU DID IN THERE.
THANK YOU.
WHERE'S JOEY?
HIS MOM'S ON THE PHONE.
HE'S IN THE BATHROOM.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO GO IN THERE.
OH, COME ON. WE'RE ROOMMATES.
( screaming )
MY EYES!
WHO IS BEING LOUD?
THAT'D BE MONICA.
CAN I BORROW
A COUPLE THINGS?
I'M MAKING BREAKFAST
FOR AURORA.
YOU GOT THE WHOLE
NIGHT, HUH?
WELL, I ONLY HAVE 20 MINUTES
TILL ETHAN, SO...
DO I SENSE A LITTLE
BIT OF RESENTMENT?
NO, NO, NO RESENTMENT.
BELIEVE ME,
IT'S WORTH IT.
YOU KNOW HOW
IN A RELATIONSHIP
YOU HAVE KEY MOMENTS THAT YOU
KNOW YOU'LL REMEMBER FOREVER?
WELL, EVERY... SINGLE... SECOND
IS LIKE THAT WITH AURORA.
AND I'VE JUST WASTED 35 OF THEM
TALKING TO YOU PEOPLE.
SO, UH, MONICA, CAN YOU
HELP ME WITH THE DOOR?
SURE.
UH, CHANDLER, YOU KNOW
THE OLD MONICA
WOULD REMIND YOU
TO SCRUB THAT TEFLON PAN
WITH A PLASTIC BRUSH.
I'M NOT GOING TO DO THAT.
OKAY, EVERYBODY READY?
I JUST WANT TO THANK YOU
FOR THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
LOSE THE ROBE.
ME?
THAT WOULD WORK.
OKAY. LOSING THE ROBE.
OKAY. AND THE ROBE
IS LOST.
OKAY, EVERYBODY,
I'D LIKE TO GET THIS
IN ONE TAKE, PLEASE.
LET'S ROLL IT.
WATER'S WORKING.
AND... ACTION.
AND... CUT.
HEY, BUTT-GUY, WHAT
THE HELL YOU DOING?
WELL... I'M SHOWERING.
NO. THAT WAS "CLENCHING."
WELL, THE WAY I SEE IT,
THE GUY'S UPSET, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, HIS WIFE'S DEAD,
HIS BROTHER'S MISSING.
I THINK HIS BUTT
WOULD BE ANGRY HERE.
WOULD LIKE TO GET
THIS SHOT BEFORE LUNCH.
ONCE AGAIN, ROLLING.
WATER WORKING.
AND... ACTION.
AND... CUT.
WHAT WAS THAT?
I WAS GOING
FOR QUIET DESPERATION.
BUT IF YOU HAVE TO ASK...
GOD, I LOVE
THESE FINGERS.
THANK YOU.
NO, ACTUALLY I
MEANT MY FINGERS.
LOOK AT THEM.
LOOK HOW HAPPY
THEY ARE.
OH... OH, MY GOD,
I'M LATE.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
DON'T GO, DON'T GO.
OKAY, OKAY.
NO, I HAVE TO.
LOOK AT THAT--
SHE'S LEAVING.
I'M SORRY. HE'LL BE
WAITING FOR ME.
WELL, I THOUGHT YOU
TALKED TO RICK.
IT'S... NOT RICK.
ETHAN SPENT THE
WHOLE DAY WITH YOU.
NO, IT'S... IT'S ANDREW.
I KNOW THERE'LL BE MANY
MOMENTS IN YEARS TO COME
WHEN I'LL REGRET ASKING THE
FOLLOWING QUESTION, BUT...
AND ANDREW IS..?
HE'S... NEW.
SO WHAT
YOU'RE SAYING
IS YOU'RE NOT
COMPLETELY FULFILLED
BY RICK, ETHAN AND MYSELF?
THAT'S NOT EXACTLY WHAT...
MOST WOMEN WOULD KILL
FOR THREE GUYS LIKE US.
SO WHAT DO YOU WANT?
YOU.
YOU HAVE ME.
NO, NO, JUST YOU.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
LOSE THE OTHER GUYS.
LIKE... ALL OF THEM?
COME ON, WE'RE
GREAT TOGETHER!
WHY NOT?
WHY CAN'T WE JUST HAVE
WHAT WE HAVE NOW--
JUST TALK AND LAUGH
AND MAKE LOVE
WITHOUT FEELING OBLIGATED
TO ONE ANOTHER?
AND UP UNTIL TONIGHT
I THOUGHT THAT'S WHAT
YOU WANTED TOO.
YOU KNOW, PART
OF ME WANTS THAT
BUT IT'S LIKE I'M
TWO GUYS, YOU KNOW?
ONE GUY'S SAYING,
"SHUT UP! THIS IS GREAT!"
BUT THERE'S THIS OTHER GUY--
ACTUALLY IT'S THE
GUY WHO WELLS UP
EVERY TIME THE GRINCH'S
HEART GROWS THREE SIZES
AND BREAKS THAT
MEASURING DEVICE?--
AND HE'S SAYING, YOU KNOW
"THIS IS TOO HARD!
GET OUT! GET OUT!"
SO WHICH ONE OF THE TWO
GUYS WILL YOU LISTEN TO?
I DON'T KNOW.
I HAVE TO LISTEN
TO BOTH OF THEM.
THEY DON'T EXACTLY
LET EACH OTHER FINISH.
WHICH ONE?
THE SECOND GUY.
I SEE.
WELL...
CALL ME IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND.
SORRY. THE FIRST GUY
RUNS THE LIPS.
( sighs )
LOOK AT IT THIS WAY--
YOU DUMPED HER.
RIGHT? THIS WOMAN WAS
UNBELIEVABLY SEXY
AND BEAUTIFUL,
INTELLIGENT,
UNATTAINABLE...
TELL ME WHY YOU
DID THIS AGAIN?
HEY, MOVIE STAR.
HEY, WEREN'T YOU THE GUY
WHO PLAYS THE BUTT
IN THE NEW
AL PACINO MOVIE?
NOPE.
NO? WHAT HAPPENED,
BIG GUY?
"BIG GUY"?
IT FELT LIKE
A "BIG GUY" MOMENT.
I GOT FIRED.
OH...
THEY SAID I "ACTED" TOO MUCH
WITH IT.
I TOLD EVERYBODY ABOUT THIS.
EVERYONE WILL GO
EXPECTING TO SEE ME...
JOE, NO ONE WILL
BE ABLE TO TELL.
MY MOM WILL.
THERE'S SOMETHING
SO SWEET...
AND DISTURBING
ABOUT THAT.
YOU KNOW, I'VE DONE NOTHING
BUT CRAPPY PLAYS FOR SIX YEARS
AND I FINALLY GET MY SHOT,
AND I BLOW IT!
MAYBE THIS WASN'T YOUR SHOT.
YEAH. I THINK WHEN
IT'S YOUR SHOT
YOU KNOW IT'S YOUR SHOT.
DID... DID IT FEEL
LIKE YOUR SHOT?
HARD TO TELL.
I WAS NAKED.
I DON'T THINK
THIS WAS YOUR SHOT.
YOU DON'T GET
JUST ONE SHOT.
I BELIEVE BIG THINGS
WILL HAPPEN FOR YOU.
YOU'VE GOT TO JUST KEEP
THINKING ABOUT THE DAY
THAT SOME KID WILL RUN
UP TO HIS FRIENDS AND GO
"I GOT THE PART!
I'M GOING TO BE
JOEY TRIBBIANI'S ASS!"
YOU THINK? THAT'S SO NICE!
OH...
I'M SORRY, JOEY.
I'M GOING TO GO TO BED, GUYS.
GOOD NIGHT, MONICA.
YOU'RE LEAVING
YOUR SHOES OUT HERE?
OH.
UH-HUH.
REALLY?
JUST CASUALLY STREWN ABOUT
IN THAT RECKLESS
HAPHAZARD MANNER?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
I'LL GET THEM TOMORROW...
OR NOT.
WHENEVER.
SHE IS A KOOK.
Monica:
MM-HMM.
THEY'RE ONLY SHOES.
IF IT BOTHERS YOU THAT MUCH,
JUST GO OUT AND GET THEM.
NO. DON'T DO THIS.
THIS IS STUPID!
I DON'T HAVE TO PROVE ANYTHING.
I'M GOING TO GO GET THEM.
BUT THEN EVERYONE WILL KNOW.
UNLESS I WAKE UP REALLY EARLY
AND PUT THEM BACK.
I NEED HELP.
[Captioned by The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]